♪
Kiriwo, don't you screw this up.
Now get going.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
[GOEMON] Any evil that dares
threaten this forest
will be instantly dispatched!
[SCHNEIDER] It's said
he who fights and runs away
lives to fight another day!
[snoring]
Come on!
How long am I supposed
to keep holding
this stupid building up?
Nobody's even
around here anyway.
But this is not enough to bring
a Demon King down,
not by a long shot!
[STUDENTS chattering]
[BARAKI]
Alright.
The Battler Party Eve
is drawing to a close.
[ALL]
Ohh!
I hope you've had fun today.
'Cause once that bell sounds,
the Party Day
will have officially begun!
[STUDENTS cheering]
[AMERI] Come on, Iruma,
where are you?
[IRUMA]
Kiriwo should be here,
directly behind this wall.
[rumbling, rattling]
Huh?!
Aww, there's a barrier
here, too?
Hey, Kiriwo!
You in there?!
[laughs]
I know you are!
Come on, let me in!
[grunts]
Ow.
Hello there.
Glad you made it, Iruma.
[IRUMA]
Huh, Kiriwo?
Why are...
Where are your glasses?
What's going on?
Well, it is a party,
so I figured
I'd go all out.
There are barriers everywhere.
You're the only one
who can do that magic, right?
Right you are. Indeed, I am.
I'm delighted to see
everyone's been enjoyin' them,
although that wasn't
my intention.
They just decided to call it
a surprise event,
which made it even
more amusing than I'd planned.
You're also the one who took
the fireworks, aren't you?
-[gasps]
-[KIRIWO] Yup.
[electricity crackling]
Wait, that's Gabuko.
So, then...
...Kiriwo, what are you planning
to do with the shell?
Why, detonate it, of course!
So I can blow the school
to smithereens.
[ALL chattering]
[GIRL]
Ours is the best!
We're gonna take
the Grand Prize!
[GIRL 2]
I'm devi psyched!
[gasps]
[laughs]
That's the real reason
Gabuko exists.
But why?
How could you?
Hmm...
Let's see now.
I guess I'll tell you
my story,
since we're such good friends,
and all.
My family, the Amy clan,
is known as the "Steel Barrier"
and is one
of the most infamous families
in the netherworld.
We're also known
to have an abundance
of top-tier magical power.
However...
Dang it, this ain't good.
A child with almost
no magical power
was somehow born
into this family?
[WOMAN 1]
Awful!
[MAN]
He'll bring shame upon us.
-[WOMAN 2] Dreadful.
-[PEOPLE murmuring]
[WOMAN 3]
Unbelievable.
[MAN 2]
How pathetic.
[gasps]
[KIRIWO]
Mother!
[panting]
[grunts]
Take him to the Garden now.
[KIRIWO]
They took me to a place called
the Garden of Delinquents.
It was a correctional
elementary school
for young demons,
where they monitored
and nurtured us.
[whip cracks]
[TEACHER]
Concentrate!
Lest you bring
grave dishonor
to the esteemed Amy name!
He's from
a prestigious family?
That is so embarrassing.
[ALL laughing]
[KIRIWO] Everyone back home
and at the Garden
lost all faith in me.
Still, despite all that,
there was one girl
who didn't mind talking to me.
Good morning, Kiriwo!
Like me, she struggled
and didn't have the best grades.
We spent tons
of time together.
[NAGI giggling]
Oh wow, Kiriwo!
That is incredible!
Well, I can't really let
my guard down, though,
or it'll break.
Aww! You should be
way more confident!
-Hmm?
-You have plenty
of awesome things
going for you!
Like what?
[NAGI] Look how pretty
your horns are!
[KIRIWO]
What?
And you're sorta bland, too.
Was that a compliment?
Oh, here's an idea.
Why don't I let you touch
my good luck charm.
This earring is a memento
from my late grandma.
If you touch it,
it'll cheer you up.
It's so pretty!
I know! It's my most
precious treasure!
[KIRIWO]
You sure it's okay?
But one day,
everything changed.
-[BOYS laughing]
-[NAGI grunting]
Please, stop it!
[BOY]
Damn, talk about cheap junk.
You'll break it!
Give it back!
Shut up, ya crybaby.
What's a little weakling
like you gonna do?
Dummy and Dork,
the class bottom-feeders.
Don't you dare call us that!
You're the weak ones for being
so mean and having no class!
I disagree.
[wind whooshing]
When you're helpless
to do anything...
...it means you're weak!
Go on. Fetch, girl!
[BOTH gasp]
[yells]
-Wha--
-Wow, Kiriwo!
[KIRIWO] And then,
for just a brief moment...
[cracking]
[KIRIWO]
...I let my guard down.
[barrier shatters]
[sobbing softly]
[KIRIWO] She ended up
leaving the Garden,
but I stayed behind.
It's survival of the fittest
in the netherworld,
and seeing her so defeated
by the unfairness of it all
sealed the deal for me.
I will never get her expression
out of my head.
Her face,
filled with despair,
-I see it endlessly!
-Kiriwo, wait!
And every time,
I keep thinking,
"Oh wow, I would kill to see
that face just one more time."
[gasps]
It was just so bizarre!
Ever since then,
whenever anyone looked
at me with hopelessness...
...my chest would tense
up a little.
It was all so simple.
Because of her, I finally knew
what that feelin' was.
Back then, when I saw that
totally crushed expression...
...it got me
unbelievably excited!
It almost felt as though
my heart had skipped a beat!
At that moment, it was clear
I'd been reborn as the new me!
Aah!
[groans]
[KIRIWO[] Get it?
The despair of others
is the only thing
that makes my life worth living!
[KIRIWO] Oh, that's right,
I almost forgot.
This is the netherworld,
and I'm human.
And he...
is a true demon.
This is a good look
on you, Iruma.
Whoopsie-daisy.
Let's continue our
conversation, shall we?
[coughs]
So you're curious about why
I wanna destroy the school, huh?
Well, it stems from
a past Battler Party.
When I met Bro in
the Magical Apparatus Battler.
Hey, what the hell do you want,
you stupid little brat?
So this is the notorious Magical
Apparatus Battler of Babyls!
[laughs]
After I heard how famous
you guys were,
I just had to come!
The school's open
'cause of the Battler Party,
so I figured I'd sneak in.
[BATTLER MEMBER]
Shut up.
Just who the hell
do you think you--
[moaning]
How many'd you kill
with this?
What'd you do
with them afterward?
Did ya throw 'em away
or use 'em for something?
Did it get you excited?
[ALL]
Huh?
[MAN yawning]
Oh, uh, Baal,
Sorry, didn't mean
to wake you up!
We'll get rid
of this snotty kid!
Who the hell
is this irritating brat?
Well, sir, I came here
looking for comrades!
-Why, you little...
-Comrades, huh?
Do you see the bandage
I'm wearing?
It's so I won't forget.
Because of me, this girl lost
something really important,
so I gave her one of my horns
to make up for it,
'cause she said
they were pretty.
Her expression was a look
of complete and total revulsion.
Hah! I know it's crazy
to get so jazzed
about someone having the worst
day of their whole life.
I'm a bit messed up,
obviously, but still--
Stop.
That doesn't seem crazy
to me at all.
Huh?
In fact, that's what you'd call
"going back to basics."
What do you mean by that?
[BAAL] It's how
all demons used to be.
[KIRIWO]
Really?
[BAAL] You've just retained
more of that purity
than most other demons.
That said,
I totally get
how you feel.
Sit back and listen
for a sec.
You don't hear screaming
or ferocious roars
in the netherworld anymore.
It's so pleasant,
I wanna puke.
That's why we of
the Magical Apparatus Battler
are trying to return
the netherworld
to its original state
of chaos.
That's my true ambition.
Chaos, huh?
This is something
the demons who join
the MagiApp Battler drink
so they can share
in the common goal
we're all striving toward.
What do you say, brat?
You want to help me achieve it?
Follow me now
and I'll make sure
you get to see it.
You'll witness
the ultimate despair!
[gasps]
[gulps]
From then on, I'd see Bro
every now and again,
and he'd give me
all these cool things,
not to mention
valuable knowledge.
After some time had passed
since my enrollment
at the demon school Babyls,
my Bro told me
something really interesting.
We're going to get rid
of the ranks
that give order
in the netherworld, Kiriwo.
[KIRIWO]
Altogether?
I was so ecstatic.
Because of the existence
of the ranking system,
everyone listens
to those above them.
But if we turn
those stairs into cliffs,
then chaos would truly
take over!
So we decided to obliterate
the demon school Babyls,
the very symbol
of ranks itself.
Using the fireworks
will be flashy and beautiful.
Thanks to Gabuko,
I'm certain it'll be
quite a spectacular explosion.
You've created something
truly wonderful, Iruma.
I believe it must've been fate
that brought us two together!
Now I can see
my objective realized.
Cower.
The students are
mindlessly enjoying
this big "surprise,"
and they can't wait to see
what's gonna happen next.
Those faces beaming
with joy and anticipation.
Soon, they'll all turn
to anguish.
And once the parents
who show up to the Party
see the horrible condition
of their poor children,
they'll scream
in agony and rage!
Cower!
They'll all fall
into the depths
of despair!
[giggles]
Sure, I could've stopped you
from coming in here
with my barriers if I wanted to,
but I chose to let you in.
And do you wanna know why?
It's because I wanna watch
the fireworks
specifically with you.
Cower in fear,
tremble before me.
Your friends Azz and Clara,
you get to witness the most
important people in your life
shatter before your eyes!
Yes, I'll stuff you into a box
made of barriers
and watch you plunge
into despair.
Ugh! Drown in regret.
It's okay. Hate me as much
as you're able to!
Even hit me if you want!
But I have to see it,
so please, show me!
Your despair-filled face!
Show me!
Huh?
That settles it.
Would you excuse me a sec?
[grunting]
Upsy-daisy.
There we go.
What the...
Wait a sec!
Didn't you hear
what I just said?
I'm gonna blow up
the entire school!
Why?! Everything important
to you will be gone!
There'll be nothing left!
All because
of something you made!
After all this crap
I just dumped on you,
why aren't you knee-deep
in despair?!
Despair is a waste of time!
Nothing good comes of it.
[gasps]
I've been through hell
in my life, so I'm used to it,
you know?
Despairing won't change
the situation or fulfill me.
I make my own happiness.
[NARRATOR]
This entire time,
Kiriwo thought he
and Iruma were exactly alike.
He was mild-mannered
and well-guarded,
yet had ambition.
But he was mistaken.
[grunting]
[NARRATOR] The boy who prayed
for others' despair
and the boy who was
accustomed to despair.
He was Kiriwo's...
-[KIRIWO gasps]
-[NARRATOR] ...natural enemy.
All my life, I've tried as hard
as I could to avoid danger.
But since coming here,
I've learned
to challenge myself.
[chuckles]
That's why...
...even if you are evil,
I won't run away.
I won't despair!
I'll shatter your ambition!
You can't go through
with it!
[KIRIWO]
He refuses to despair?
Does someone like that
actually exist?
And he thinks he can shatter
my ambition?
No. Give it back
this instant.
Those fireworks will go off
along with the bell marking
the beginning of Party Day.
You may have gotten it away
from Gabuko,
but it's still gonna explode.
You can throw it
into the courtyard,
but unless I shield us,
we're both gonna die, Iruma.
I already said it
before, Kiriwo.
I will never despair.
I'm afraid I have
to disappoint you.
[STUDENTS cheering]
Alright, guys,
it's finally time
to count down
to the Party Day!
There're only 40 more seconds
until the bell rings!
[STUDENTS cheering]
I don't want anyone
out there getting hurt,
and I don't want our fireworks
being used for this.
We created these!
Everyone has
a right to see them.
That's why...
...I always try
to help people!
And I won't back down!
[gasps]
Just 30 more seconds!
[STUDENTS] Twenty-nine!
Twenty-eight! Twenty-seven!
Excuse me, Kiriwo!
Coming through!
Hey, stop it!
What are you...
[IRUMA grunts]
[KIRIWO]
Are you crazy?!
[IRUMA]
Ifrit mode!
Please reach! Libera!
[thuds]
[IRUMA]
It stopped.
[BARAKI]
Twenty more seconds!
[KIRIWO] [chuckles]
That's why I called you crazy.
The barrier surrounding
the school
is more than powerful enough
to withstand the explosion.
You won't break through it
with such lame magic.
I've waited for this day,
the day I'd see everyone's faces
fill with total despair.
It's the sole reason I created
this ultimate barrier you see!
The only one with magic
powerful enough
to break my barriers
is Sullivan,
which sucks for you!
-[IRUMA chuckles]
-Huh?
[IRUMA]
I'm sorry, Grandpa.
[SULLIVAN]
This spell will unleash
the magic's full power
at once.
[IRUMA]
I'm gonna break my promise.
Pandoroola!
[ring clinks]
[barrier shatters]
[STUDENTS]
Sixteen!
Fifteen! Fourteen!
Thirteen! Twelve!
Eleven!
Ten!
Nine! Eight!
-Seven!
-Hey, look at that!
[STUDENT]
Huh?
[STUDENTS]
Five!
-Hey, look up!
-Huh?
[STUDENTS]
Two! One!
-[fireworks explode]
-[STUDENTS cheer]
[bell tolling]
[cheering]
-Wow!
-What was that?!
I've never seen that!
[giggles]
It bloomed!
-We did it, Master!
-Yay!
[STUDENTS cheering]
What?!
[ROBIN laughs]
[overlapping chatter]
Was that for real
or did I just dream it?!
Like the brilliance of love,
love I witnessed
that one summer day.
It was so incredible.
[AMERI]
Did Iruma...
I saw it!
I saw the fireworks bloom
with my own eyes.
-[laughs]
-Iruma-kins!
High five!
What the devi
were those
bright lights
and sounds about?!
[GOEMON]
It was totally mind-blowing!
[KIRIWO sobs]
[KIRIWO]
What the hell?
Why? Come on,
what the hell happened?!
I was this close,
so why didn't it work?
Everybody's still smiling
down there!
And what was that ridiculous
amount of magical power?!
How dare you destroy
all the power
I've been saving up
for years?!
You're the worst, Iruma!
Dummy!
How dare you sleep there
so soundly?!
You didn't even think about
how you were gonna land,
did you?!
Dummy!
How dare you really help
all these people, you dummy!
[exhales]
We're not alike
in the slightest, are we?
Guess I lose.
It's obvious that you're
way more ambitious than I am.
Alright, Iruma,
you got me.
[snoring softly]
[DOSANKO]
My name is Dosanko,
and I'm a preacher of love.
My best assets are
my big, beautiful eye
and my overwhelming sexiness.
Sexiness!
Just like the flower
that bloomed
in the night sky, right?
Next time,
"I Want to Pick Everything Up"
and "Family Time."
What I want more
than anything else
is the greatest love of all.
Oh, love!
Yes, fill the world
with love
along with my gentle kiss!
♪